Fixed #35668 -- Added mapping support to format_html_join. (#18469)
django/django: docs/releases/5.2.txt

Utilities
~~~~~~~~~

> * :func:`~django.utils.html.format_html_join` now supports taking an iterable
>   of dict-like objects, passing their contents as keyword arguments to
>   :func:`~django.utils.html.format_html`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :func:`~django.utils.html.format_html_join` now supports taking an iterable
  of mappings, passing their contents as keyword arguments to
  :func:`~django.utils.html.format_html`.
```
